Important observations

I - In order to make parsing easier, we defined some markers and conventions. Take this part of the raw file as an example:

---
ENUM Questão 1 

Alexandre, advogado que exerce a profissão há muitos anos, é 
conhecido por suas atitudes corajosas, sendo respeitado pelos 
seus clientes e pelas autoridades com quem se relaciona por 
questões profissionais. Comentando sua atuação profissional, 
ele foi inquirido, por um dos seus filhos, se não deveria 
recusar a defesa de um indivíduo considerado impopular, bem 
como se não deveria ser mais obediente às autoridades, 
diante da possibilidade de retaliação. 
 
Sobre o caso apresentado, observadas as regras do Estatuto 
da OAB, assinale a opção correta indicada ao filho do 
advogado citado. 
 
OPTIONS

A) O advogado Alexandre deve recusar a defesa de cliente 
cuja atividade seja impopular. 

B) O temor à autoridade pode levar à negativa de prestação 
do serviço advocatício por Alexandre. 

C) As causas impopulares aceitas por Alexandre devem vir 
sempre acompanhadas de apoio da Seccional da OAB. 

D:CORRECT) Nenhum receio de desagradar uma autoridade deterá o 
advogado Alexandre. 

As you see above, --- ENUM signalizes the beginning of a question. OPTIONS the beginning of the alternatives. 
And :CORRECT indicates the correct answer.

II- In every exam there are 4 different models of test. Each model has the same content, however, the questions are presented 
in a different sequential order. That's specially important when you check the answer sheet. For this corpus we only used the 
white model or the first model of the exam.

III - The marker "OPTIONS NULL" was used to indicate that this question was nullified by the organizers.

IV - On the first, second and third exams the whole test used to have 100 questions. From the 4th exam onwards the organizers 
changed the test to have a total of 80 questions.

V - Before 2010, Brazil did not have a unified Bar Exam. Each State from the country used to have his own exam.

VI - For some reason, the 6th and the 20th exams had problems and, in some regions of the country, they were reapplied, keeping
For instance, the 6th edition of the unified exam  was reapplied in some cities. Both the first and the reapplication count as 
the 6th edition. However, these two tests had a different content.
